I can't use that much money. I only need 2 billion for this mine.
However, I believe this mine can bring us at least tens of billions of profits.
As long as we capture this mine and rush to retain the key,
You must not be the problem. Come on less,
What good news did you bring? Of course,
I have already reached an agreement with the owner of Yuan's Mine.
The overall social price is around 2.5 billion.
Finally, I saw one billion, which was my capital to invest in Tianmei.
Don't be stunned. Starting today,
Mr. Bai has officially become an official shareholder of our Tianmei Group.
Bai said, what I am saying is that the three families will join forces in front of the imperial master at home,
It can also leave a key open for bullying.
Great, two grandchildren.
I still want to be the first one to take my money.
This is a lesson that needs to be done quickly.
I’m going to the Southern Region tomorrow
You should be careful at home
Why did you suddenly go to the Southern Region?
What happened?
No, there is just a meta-condition
We need to actually investigate
Brother Zheng has arranged bodyguards
Don't forget
Xiaoxiao and I are still at home.
Don't do anything dangerous again